
2025-02 - 2026-02
- Working with a large laptop manufacturer, I lead the redesign of one of their large internal legacy systems to create a more user friendly and intuitive experience for their employees. The requirements and design were clarified using figma. Customer was very happy with the end result which led to further work for our team with this client.
- With the same manufacturer, I worked on extracting detailed requirements for another approval based system with very complex workflows in order to replace their existing system into a more modern and maintainable architecture. I then worked with the development team upon project kickoff in order to design the software architecture and implementation approach for the project. I continued to work with the team throughout the project to help unblock them and ensure that the implementation was aligned with the requirements and design.
- With the same manufacturer, I then moved on to do similar requirements and prototyping with another complex system with heavy reliance on excel and macros which are central to their complex online store customizations.


2024/02 - 2025/02
- Voice of Customer (VoC) feedback analytics and summary system. Using machine learning to group and summarize large amounts of user feedback using Google BigTable, Vertex AI, K-Means clustering, .NET backend and Angular frontend. I lead the entire project from requirements to delivery including tech lead for the development team. I then continued to work on the project alone with the customer for the rest of the year making improvements to the system adding features but mainly focusing on improving model accuracy and performance.
- Domain-Driven Design (DDD) code review. I worked with a client to review their existing software architecture and codebase using my expertise in DDD and clean architecture to give actionable improvements covering a wide range of topics including code structure, modularity, maintainability, testability, and performance.
- Healthcare dashboard for Nigeria. Working on a team of around 10 people, we worked closely with a customer using agile practices to deliver a dashboard for healthcare data in Nigeria. The system was built using Apache Superset to quickly ingest and visualize data from a variety of sources. I was responsible for the backend data processing and integration - proposing different ideas for their given data in the form of charts using generated dummy data I created in python which helped the customer to clarify their requirements and make decisions on the final design of the system.
- Many other smaller projects mostly in presales and consulating work in order to clarify project scope and requirements especially via prototyping and proof-of-concept work.


2022/02 - 2024/02
Sysmex caresphere solutions architect and global tech lead between teams in Europe, America and Japan. I was responsbly for technical requirements, delivery, debugging, UAT, client communications. The system is a analytics calibration and monitoring platform for medical devices, used by hospitals and labs worldwide. This system was built with my specilist stack - .NET and Angular and also required English and Japanese in order to communicate with all the teams. we made significant improvements especially regarding the testing infrastructure in order to prevert regressions and improve delivery reliability. I also contributed directly to the architecture and implementation of the system across both frontend and backend, including performance-critical improvements to the system. I also mentored engineers on the team through technical direction, documentation, and targeted coaching.